# Learning Management System

Comprehensive preparation for the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery. NCEES Engineering Exam Platform - MVP. Interactive OpenMP Programming pioneers the integration of LLMs. ocp-reveal is an OCaml binding for reveal.js, a html presentation framework. DeepTutor is an Agent-Native Personalized Tutoring. Frappe Learning is an easy-to-use learning system. Open Courseware (OCW) Management System. Presenton is an open-source application for generating presentations with AI. Llemma is an open language model for mathematics. GeoGebra is an interactive geometry, algebra, statistics and calculus application, intended for learning and teaching mathematics. React-scorm-provider (RSP) is a set of React Components that simplify the inclusion of the SCORM API. OpenOlat is a web-based e-learning platform. eXeLearning 3 is an AGPL-licensed free/libre tool to create and publish open educational resources. The Adapt framework is a toolkit for creating responsive, single-version HTML5 e-learning courses. Forma Lms is an open-source, web-based elearning platform. CourseLit is a batteries included learning management system (aka LMS) for everyone. OpenBoard is a cross-platform interactive whiteboard application. MathQuill is a web formula editor. MathJax display engine for LaTeX, MathML, and AsciiMath. The IOMAD commerce block enables the sale of courses to tenant users. Python script to convert moodle course content to edX. Artemis brings interactive learning to life with instant, individual feedback on programming exercises, quizzes, modeling tasks, and more. Liferay Portal is an open-source enterprise portal platform. Sakai is a freely available, feature-rich technology solution for learning, teaching, research and collaboration. The Open edX Platform enables the authoring and delivery of online learning at any scale. Canvas is a modern LMS. Odoo eLearning is a comprehensive and user-friendly LMS. openVidu is a powerful platform for developing real-time WebRTC applications

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

